Fixed #35095 Updated Swiss (German) number formatting to match common IT practices. (#19396)
django/django: docs/topics/i18n/formatting.txt

Switzerland (German)
--------------------

> The Swiss number formatting traditionally varies depending on context. For example,
> monetary values might use a dot as decimal separator (Fr. 23.50), while
> measurements might use a comma (22,5 m). Django's localization system cannot
> handle such context-specific formats automatically.
> 
> The locale format provided by Django follows common IT practices in Switzerland,
> using a dot as the decimal separator and a single quote as the thousand
> separator, matching the behavior of major operating systems and applications
> in the region.
> 
> For Swiss government publication guidelines and additional context, see:
> - https://www.bk.admin.ch/bk/de/home/dokumentation/sprachen/hilfsmittel-textredaktion/schreibweisungen.html
> - https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dezimaltrennzeichen#Schweiz

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Swiss number formatting traditionally varies depending on context. For
example, monetary values may use a dot as decimal separator (``Fr. 23.50``),
while measurements often use a comma (``22,5 m``). Django’s localization system
does not support such context-specific variations automatically.

Django follows the commonly accepted IT conventions for Swiss locales. These
use a dot as the decimal separator and a space as the thousands separator,
consistent with the behavior of major operating systems and software
applications used in Switzerland.
```

I think I wouldn't add the linked references (partly because these are in German and I can't imagine we need to add more information here)
